 Welcome to the Drive Line baseball podcast. Today, Kyle and I are talking about the launch of our training 2.0 system. So we're going to go into that a bit in depth. But I think, you know, the first thing that we should cover is just sort of like what what is training 2.0 overall and why did we even start doing this in the first place? Well, big thing is we have the best engine experience. It's not close, you know, everyone's cloning ours in our ears, behind us and that's imitation greatest form of flattery. So that's great. And we're continuing to improve the engine experience. There's tons of stuff on R&D. Never. Still constantly doing. However, in area that we think that we could could improve in and we have improved in and is taking that experience and making consistent throughout the year. Yeah. So we did, I think, really good job with the big leaders in 2024. 2023 as well with the advanced reports and staying connected and all that. But that's not necessarily a general, you know, doesn't work across all types of athletes. You know, so a big push over the last year has been how do we make this accessible to everybody? How do we make it easier? How do we make it cost affordable? Yeah. And so I think that's pretty exciting. So when you come here, there's no question, you're going to leave here. You know it's the best, even if you've been nowhere else, you know it's the best, right? But then when you leave, like you're also going to get, you know, world class support. And we had to refactor a lot of our models, a lot of our work to do that and make it possible to get the best experience remotely. That is really seamless. I'm pretty proud of that. Yeah, I think, you know, one of the things that that drives the engine experience here is like test, retest. Like the hardest thing for us is, you know, just be guessing about like what we should do next with an athlete. Like we really want to test and have like a pretty stringent methodology of like this is what we're recommending and this is why and this is how we think it's going to benefit you. And the challenge for us at least is that, you know, if you come here, you can throw in the million dollar launch pad. You've got all these, you know, capabilities, you can get your biomechanics done. You can swing on force plates. You can execute all this data capture. And then when you go back home, you don't have that. So, you know, what are the components? And this is what, you know, the training 2.0 idea is sort of built around is like test, retest is, you know, in many ways the soul of what we do here. It's what we, you know, it's what we, you know, it. I don't know. We measure, you know, it's, it's what I wouldn't say that we pioneered it, but we certainly popularized it. And, and like, made it. And, and wait until they're self accountable. Yeah, exactly. Do the athletes actually get better? You know, we're not just posed to this big leader won the side of the young. Isn't that great? Yeah, we're good. You know, and that's great. Obviously, we're really proud of the athletes who have achieved awesome sufferers pick the draft MVP blah blah. That's, that's great. Not, not downplaying those, but, you know, that's, we need to make sure that everyone is getting better and staying in touch with everybody. Yeah. I think this is a big step forward. And, and the, you know, the way to do that is to then take a lot of the tools that we have here in the gym where we can actually measure your progress and make them accessible anywhere else on earth. And, and I think, you know, there are a number of ways to do that. You can do a lot of that data capture with sensors. We've got throwing and hitting sensors. You can do a lot of that data capture with, with cameras and some of the, some of the work that we're doing there. You can do some of that work, that data capture with just recording certain ball velocities or recording certain other types of data. Or you could just pass a leak collected like, you know, sleep data recovery data, you know, et cetera. So, all those things are, are now basically being piped into our, our app. And it's truly what, what powers, you know, training, whether you're here, which is upgraded quite significantly or, or whether you're at home. So, I was thinking that we could just go, you know, sort of, scale by scale and talk through how things are new on the pitching side of things, how things are new on the hitting side of things. And, and sort of go from there. Yeah, a lot of the started years ago, you know, before we ever really focused on a training 2.0 platform and that's, you know, we have the first in production training motion capture lab that was used, you know, that was marker based extremely accurate. But a little clumsy in many ways, required a lot of labor could be uncomfortable harder to throw at your maximum intensity when you're, you know, wearing a bunch of markers. So, we transitioned to a marker list setup, which a lot of people popularize, but, you know, now we have it and we can fine tune it on our marker based data. So, a lot of these, you know, things that we've been doing to make everything more accessible and make it easier for retests has been set for, you know, many years, which has been great. And then now to be able to do that, it's been easier in gym to get these results, which that was the first thing, you know, it's easier to retest. Now, the retester, that's not even a thing, you know, the retester every day, you know, basically, because you everything is so passively captured in the gym that that's awesome. So, that was the first thing we had to tackle. I think we did a great job of that. You know, then it's like, how do we distill it into something that's on your iPhone, you know, and is used at home with pulse, you know, increasing the battery life with a lot of the work max on the breakfast is done here. The blast sensor is becoming a bigger part and easier to capture that information, the commands of command training has all been a huge part of where it started in gym. And I think where we've had the most success is we solve a problem for driveline in the gym. Yep. And then that we're like, oh, that's solved the problem for the college coach, the pro coach, the pro athlete, the college athlete. And we're like continually surprised that that works, which is funny. That's been the case like ploy balls reason for that was like other alternatives weren't terrible enough way to bat. Same thing, you know, we have people swinging a bat 80 plus miles an hour, you know, you got to make it more durable. And those products have been a huge hits, match record balls. You know, we solved, we didn't do that to sell a bazillion of them that we ended up selling a bazillion of them because it's all the problem we had. Right. You know, and so this is not just like one of the always a great product for the market, you're going to love it. And it's something we can make money on and whatever. Now, this solved a problem for us and it's all the problem for our athletes and we know that people are going to love it. So every time we've had a great product, it's because of that, you know, and sometimes we don't have a great product is we're trying to hit this moving target. We don't know. And so that's why I think I'm most excited about training 2.0 because it demonstra really solves a problem for, you know, and creates value for athletes we already have. And then, you know, as we expand more online, it just really it crushes it. So, and I think one of the best ways we can tell or, you know, we can tell is we're so close to the product that we don't even know how good it is or where it's changed or whatever. So, I think something happened as a former employee came back, you know, he left a couple years ago and came back and he's training on his own. And then he's, you know, paying, he's a paying customer now. It's great. And then he said, man, the smart reports and the stuff on the app and the amount of progress that's been made is crazy. You know, and that's funny to see because you know, when he was here, he helped build the million dollar launch pad. Right. And he did great work and it's awesome. And then, now, suddenly, these same people, you know, are seeing the next evolution of it and they're like, this is so sick and it's more portable and it solves a problem I have. And that's when you know, I think, you know, the people that have been seeing it, whether it's an athlete, an employee, whatever has seen it for eight to 10 years. And in this case, we're instrumental in building the 1.0 platform when they're giving good feedback and they're not getting paid to, you know, they're paying us. And that's like, man, we are we're on to something. You know, and so it doesn't really matter what we think. It's those are the ones that we're like, okay, yeah, we got it. Yeah. And I think I think that's a good place to start because the, you know, the, the, the smart report is a is a build out of, you know, basically how, how we're trying to develop stuff primarily, like velocity and pitch movement, which is, you know, a combination of fatigue monitoring, but also a combination of just like, you know, what work are you doing today? How are we changing your mechanical profile? And, and like the, the tool there is, you know, essentially, like the smart report is you pull up your throwing program that day. And, you know, I can pull up mine on my, I can pull up ours on the, on my phone, but it's like, you pull up your throwing program for that day. And it gives you your list of drills that you're supposed to do. And then at the top, it gives you either arm speed recommendations. So like, hey, stay within this arm speed on your pulse monitor. Or it gives you ball velocity recommendations. So like, hey, you know, at, at your max, you want to be throwing, you know, a blue ball, you know, whatever, 64 or 75 or whatever. So, because of that, you now have an execution score. So you do your work, whatever, rather than just, you know, mindlessly pulling up a Google sheet or pulling up your track workout before and just being like, oh, I got, you know, walking windups again or I've got roll ones again or whatever. And it just being the thoughtless thing of like, alright, I'm going to do two by 10 and just knock these things out. It's like, okay, I've got to stay within like a certain range. I have a very specific thing that I'm trying to execute today. And then you're done, you're complete. You mark that done and you get graded on like, did you do a good job of executing that day's workout. That has huge implications for any number of things. One, you know, we see over under throwing being one of the big contributors to like all these stuff variations. But then the second thing is like, it turns, many times athletes only get excited about the high intensity days. So they're like, I'm going to load up on caffeine. I'm going to do this. I'm going to get super geeked. Like, I've got, I've got a Velo day today. Great. And then they just mindlessly go through all the routes. They really go through all the recovery days and all the like B, B level, like, you know, touch and feel type days. And that's where they, that's where they lose. And so that that's like that smart report is is like really the foundation of, okay, hey, we're going to tie this big goal that you have to literally what do you do today tomorrow, the next day, like are you executing the plan that's laid out? Because that is in many ways the hardest part of training over a long period of time. And the cool thing about it is not just, um, oh, is what you're doing is your execution score. Okay. Well, you know, I could do that in a spreadsheet. Did I do that 100% that's true. But our athletes and the fans and the, you know, employees and everyone knows it's built on this huge intelligence engine, this huge amount of data, right. These execution scores are not a coach sending a number arbitrarily, which I think that's, you know, if you're professional athlete and you're putting your faith in drivelin to get you better to keep you the same. You want to know like where is the justification for this execution score? Where is your authority to tell me I didn't do a good job. Yeah, right. You know, it's not Kyle Bodie, Chris Lang and Tanner Stokey, Mike Rathwell saying like, well, I think you did bad job. You know, it's this belt on this huge amount of data. This is still down and we know demonstrally if we do these things, we get better within this band. I think, and then we can explain that to the athlete, that's where the really advanced graphs come in that we don't show them anymore. Because that back stops all the recommendations, right. And then once they just need to know that exists, you know, they don't need to see kinematic graphs on their smarter report. Now that makes for great Twitter content, whatever, but they want to know where our authority is derived from. So once they see all that and see how it's improved, you know, their careers and how it like, stable, he gets them to where they want to go. It's awesome. And that's what really shapes behavior. And we saw that with his Cincinnati Reds with pulse and with or rings. You know, we saw that with recovery. Suddenly, our closer, you know, who no one wants to pay attention to and he's sleeping a ton and taking all the recovery seriously earplugs this at the other. One of one of our, you know, people bought one of our athletes bought air conditioner from lows and just stuck it and was just blowing hot air into the whole way in good year apartments. Joe Boyle, I'll just say that it was great. Joe, Joe, cop to it. It's funny. And but he took sleeping seriously. So when people are like, you need to sleep at 60 some degrees in the in the room, then Joe believes that and then he did that. Right. And so it was like for someone like Joe and something like that who's trying to get to the big leads and he did. And they take it seriously. You need to be able to support that. Right. And you can't just tell some of these things are important and then not have a mechanism to monitor it to study it to make sure it actually matters. And for someone like Joe who's extremely intelligent and very talented. That's that's where we're able to do. And then suddenly that was really the pure pressure spread all these non prospects fifth rounders or whatever started to get a lot better. Well, you know, suddenly everyone's going to start paying attention to those scores in their own way, you know, and they really shape behavior without us telling them, hey, you got to change your behavior. Yeah, the results on the field with the results on the field. And they started to believe that this the early beginnings of training 2.0 those smart reports that type of idea, although it wasn't yet that, you know, that's what really made me start to believe like, oh, that's how we're going to shape the behavior. And show them these things. We're going to let them draw the inferences and then people that are compliant, they get better. The results speak for themselves. Yeah, yeah, that's true. And I think it, you know, it ties to, you know, having some some actual like meaning behind the work. Because it's it's not about just, you know, making this stuff up or, you know, just doing it because we said to do it, it's like, look, we have very high conviction that if you just, if you treat this day this way, and you can execute that, then you've earned the right to have your VLO day. And then if you, you know, stack a successful high intensity day, that's when guys are excited. They're like, oh, I feel like I got better today, you know, because I, I like tried to, I tried to throw hard and I, and I did like, I got a PR or whatever. That's great. But it was really earned in these like three or four days where you like stacked up some good quality work and like didn't overshoot or undershoot like what you were, what you were trying to do. And I think part of the part of the, the interesting piece there is like, I think a lot of times people feel like, oh, that's going to be like too restricted, right? Like, maybe I like, I want to throw a little bit more today or I don't want to throw as much or whatever. But like, we can, we can make adjustments for that and start to contextualize a lot of that as well, because, because of the like underlying intelligence engine that you were mentioning. Yeah. And Connor White on a previous podcast, we all sat down, said the same thing, right about recovery about order ring, whoop. You know, it doesn't, it doesn't say, what's the, what's the biggest horror stories we saw when we bought Modus, right? We turned into a pulse or the biggest horror stories that people would wear. Well, let's not get into that. But, you know, it's the wearing it and then someone from the front office is like, you can't throw today. Yeah, it's the like big brother coming in being like, you got five pitches today. And it's like, how do I, what do you know I know? That was a real story. I forgot about that. Yeah, that's not, I thought that was a joke and it is a joke. It was real. It is a joke. I forgot that was the best jokes come from someone's like, you have five pitches off the mountain. Yeah, that did happen. Yeah. And it's like, no, I don't. I have, I have like, I have zero or seven. Right. Yeah. No, or none or that you can't be doing this. You know, and so you got to get out. That is what it is. And you got to train. You got to put your bullpen today. So we're not taking that away. It's like, how does it impact long term? How it affects your training in a chronic perspective? And that's how we geared it. And then with the reds, I mean, all the credit goes to brand congregate in my opinion for turning it into that culture. There's a blog post on our site. If you're interested, you can search like Brian Connert, drivelin baseball. You can pull it up and read it. It's a great, great post by Brian. But when he enrolled it out with the reds, you know, so much of the use of it was, how can we do more? That's how he phrased it. It wasn't about how do we do less. It was, how can we do more throwing? Yeah, because everyone wants to throw more everyone. Yeah. But you know, it's the way to get better. March 10th, everyone's arm feels pretty good. You know, and then August 90th, not so much. That's one of my favorite phrases. And that's how we did it. You know, being able to see those relievers throwing off the mound six days a week. That was crazy to me at the end of the year. They had built up so much work. I thought they felt so there was so in tune, you know, that when a reliever was like, I'm not throwing today, you didn't have to question why is he soft as he heard or whatever. He knows why. And this is his reason why. And when a reliever throwing off the mound for the third day in a row, you don't have to ask why, you know why? Yeah. And that was such a powerful thing for us. And that was really those are the beginnings of what became training 2.0 in my opinion. And then we now we roll them all up together. So you just look at your phone. You do this. And it's only going to get better. I mean, it like as people like to say, the worst it's ever going to be is today. Right. And it's already pretty darn good. But imagine, you know, as we roll in more things and train our, you know, models and I mean, we're so I'm so pumped that that's what basically we work on every day on our end. And I got to give a shout out to the player development team because this required a mindset shift. I want to talk about that because it's not just our indeed handing out these great these great models and all that. And I'm very proud of the work we've done on our end date. Don't get me wrong. But no plan is is valuable. You know, it always going to have an issue when it survives contact with the enemy enemy is training 1,000 athletes like we do. Right. And that's academy to the big leagues. And so when they're given that critical feedback, first of all, a lot of our employees are almost all of our employees have just incredible work ethics. So when something goes wrong. They're just like someone wrong. I got it. You know, and we had to kind of train that out of them. We've talked out about a lot. It's like, look, you know, we're appreciative that you'll run through a brick wall for this company. Yeah. But we're trying to get this product better. So you actually got to report all the means you don't like about it. And they've done a good job of that and also shaping it. And that plays a huge role in what we've done. So I got to give a lot of credit to the coaches for being willing to adapt. I'm willing to change because what it means to be a valuable coach in 2024 and beyond is now what it was in 2020. And I think that's that can be hard for some people to accept. It's hard for me. It's hard for a lot of people. It's hard for the athletes. But they've done a good job of adapting. And it's the proof is in the pudding when you have guys like Travis, who's obviously very talented. But the challenge the things he the goals he had and how he changed over three years. We watched were built on a lot of boring work and saying these ranges. And he's very. He's very wrote. He's like a robot when he trains, you know, like he does these things. I'm doing this today. I know what I'm going to do. And he wants to know. And a lot of this train 2.0 again is is is based on our best athletes making demands of driveline to be to be a better product for them. Yeah. That's why you know, there are a lot of reasons I'm excited. Obviously on the R&D side, I can speak very, you know, very specifically and candidly about those things. But our coach has done a great job of shaping it. I know Tanner Stoky and Lincoln have talked a lot about it on this podcast. I mean, I think I think that that insight is a is a good one, which is like, I think most of most of our younger athletes or our worst athletes. And the main thing that they lack is like incredible execution and consistency. And our in our very best guys come in and like even the extremely genetically gifted ones, they have some talent for consistent action. Maybe the intensity isn't always there or whatever, but like they are they're extremely disciplined. And that is, you know, every college coach will tell you every high school coach will tell you like that is the first big separator. And and so the you know, the it's interesting because this tool that was in many ways built to service, you know, the demands of like a truly world class athlete. Also is repurposed to be, you know, the first great teaching tool of athletic consistency for our high school age trainees are like, you know, freshman in college where it's like, I need I need a plan that I can repeat. And it's like, if you can learn to love that stuff, then you really do have a puncture's chance of getting close to whatever your genetic. Yeah, really is. Strathlain is meeting the athlete where they are, I think in a lot of this case, because the younger the athlete is all the down to Academy. This smart report idea is normal to them like that's that's I wouldn't say the shocking thing, but it is a little surprising. But then when you understand that what do they do all day, they play fortnight, they watch streams, you know, they play video games so much of that is based around the interaction of a gamification and a high score. Right. And that's really what we're trying to do. And so it's so easy for them to understand and the younger professional athletes, they're the same thing. A lot of them have twitch channels, a lot of them stream, a lot of them play games. It's not it's minor league season, major league season as long as there's a lot of downtime. So they got a lot of reasons to do it. And chess has become extremely popular inside professional baseball too. And not so different, you know, when I speak to my ex, you know, reds co-workers and all that and they're like, how'd you get better or they get better. Invariably it's not well, I played a million games at chess. No, what it is is I spent 20 minutes a day doing tactics. I bought a $9 a month subscription to chess, chess, chess, bowl or whatever and all these online, game chess or whatever. And then they, it doesn't really matter what it is as long as it's this wrote thing that they're doing to get a little bit better, 1% better. It's something tactical so they don't hang a piece or whatever. And that's what I've seen a lot and it's, it's super impressive. And so that's just normal. That's like, that's our society. And also when all these people are watching some sort of influencer online, a lot of whether it's Joe Rogan, you know, to Hugherman, to any of these others. Like a lot of the same message comes up over and over and over again. So you got to do the simple things, you got to do the boring things. It's obvious what you got to do. If you want your HR V to be better, you got to sleep better, you got to eliminate alcohol and you got to, you got to crush cold tops. It's like, okay, well, they're getting the same message from everyone about the simple stuff. Right. So drive lines is meeting them there. And it's something we've been preaching forever. But it's one thing to preach it. It's another thing to build a product around it. I think this is the first time. Let's say it's the first time we built a product around it, but it's the first time we built a real scalable product that you can take at home. That's a really distilled method of what we're doing. And you know, the AI revolution of the last two years has played a big role in that too. Speaking of, speaking of doing the boring stuff well, I think we should, I think we should talk about command and some of the strides that we've, that we've made there. Because that is, it's not gotten enough publicity. And it makes people mad at driving the employees. They're like, this is the greatest thing we've done. And you know, before it gets a command real quick, I wanted to shout out Sartori, Justice Sartori tweeted out, you know, people don't understand the reports that they're getting our reports have changed, you know, just for training 1.9. Right. Yeah. Right. Like these reports, now the money barrel stuff that we've talked about, right. If you don't know what money barrel is, it's a script that takes all your bad ball data if you're a professional athlete. And then if you add batsby, we can give you a very precise and accurate score. And if you added batsby, how much better you'll be in expected doubles, Homer's power contact and so forth. So that's something that's now folded into all the biomext stuff. Right. So you make these biomechanical changes. It's likely to have, and these high performance changes in the jumps, like likely to have this bat speed gain plus or minus, you know, once the deviation. Yep. You make these changes. Now it's, and Sartori tweeted it out and I retweeted it, which is like expected, slugging expected, well, but gone ball. Now that's just a basic report. No one else has got that, right. Because you used to get this great report that was like, hey, make these changes and it was the greatest intelligence you ever seen in your life. I'm proud of it 100%. But now that exact same report has those exact same graphs so you can see all the nerdy stuff, which is, which is great. You know, but then it's like, now do these things. There's how much better of a player going to be. And this is what it adds to your wins above replacement. And that's crazy. Same thing is true on the pitching side of things. 100%. Yeah. That's what I just want to mention hitting stuff before we come out. No, but they, but the, but it's true for both, for both things, like adding, adding pitching velocity or adding batspeed, like the way that the way that our reports are broken down now is like, you have, if you make these changes, here is the, here is the likely change in output. So like, here's a likely change in bat speed. Here's the likely change in pitch speed. And you can even go so far as to be like, hey, here's the, here's a report. Here are the pieces of your mechanics that are holding you back. And here's the degree to which they are holding you back. You are, here's your biomechanical profile. Your hips are deleting two miles an hour from your pitch speed, but your arm action is making up like an extra mile per hour. And then, and then off of that, there's drill recommendations. But then that's the, that's the, that's just the beginning of the like, oh, wow, this is a really unique insight that I have into like, okay, how do I, how do I make positive changes with the way that my pelvis works inside of my delivery. Without, you know, messing with the thing that I'm naturally really good at, which is like the way that my arms spirals. And the answer to that question is like, is what the smart report infrastructure was built around, which is like, well, yeah, you got, you got to just crush a ton of boring work. You know, and it's like, okay, well, great. So then, you know, what would happen is like guys would just leave the gym. And you're like, all right, did you do it today? And it's like, I did, you know, but it's like, number one, if you come into the gym, like if you, if you assess you get that information, my hips are an issue, I've got the arm action thing. And then you just, you know, train consistently for multiple months at the gym. It's really easy for us and our incredibly smart trainers who are, you know, quite gifted to make these like micro adjustments and to work with you on a pretty regular basis. And they have to eat themselves, hold themselves to that standard because everyone's on the same stand. No, no, no, no, but it's like, you're right there. It's not hard. The moment that you're away from the gym, and we've done this with, you know, guys that are, so I don't know word winners, we've done it with, you know, Academy kids, like, it, it becomes orders of magnitude more difficult to get the same level of insight that you would get just from observing the person who's, who's standing in front of you. So that's the foundation of a lot of the smart report stuff is built around like, okay, these are the changes that we need you to make, you know, you got to make them over the six week, you know, training block. Are you doing that? The answer is like, yes, and here's a video. Then it becomes much harder to have that conversation versus like, yes, here's the video, and, you know, here's a log of all the throws that I made at whichever arm speeds. That's not like the trainer has to go in and like, look at every single one and be like, oh, one of them was it like 650, you know, but it's like it gets aggregated, it gets folded into this thing. There's an execution score that prints on the back end of it. And now there's greater understanding between the trainer and the athlete on like, yeah, this is, I'm doing a good job. And then it's going to map up to, all right, you actually got the, got the thing that you were looking for. Yeah, it lets the coaches coach and the athlete's dream. Yeah, because we were beating our heads against the wall. Hey, why aren't you checking in with the athletes? Why aren't you doing this? Why aren't you doing this? It's like, look, you know, like our coaches are great and they do that, but it's just intractable problem. You know, the athlete doesn't want to be bothered like a door door salesman. So this training 2.0, it gives them complete control of their career, which is what they want. Yeah, and it's a higher, it's a higher level of conversation. Yeah. And when they talk to the coach, they can actually talk to the coach, not be lectured or not whatever, like, hey, I did this or did this. It's great. It's great for everybody. And it's a reason, you know, that we're we power the intelligence, you know, the back end of the way that we do. Yeah, because the challenge is like, it's not just enough. It's not just enough to know like, oh, yeah, these are my, you know, ball velocity spreads for that day. Like as someone who like wants to try to do a good job, you could you could log a bunch of stuff, but there's just this extra layer of insight that comes with like having some span over like, yeah, these are all the throws that I've been making. And here's like, you know, here's my ball velocities as well. And no one had a look at it. But our systems take care of that. That's right. Yeah. And the coach gets the aggregate thing this and then they can have a higher level conversation. Yeah. Yeah. So command speaking of well, yeah. So, you know, that was that was how we train command, you know, four or five years ago, which is like still on the hiring page. Just log. Yeah. Just log. Just log. Just log. And for Casey, whether that's right. That's right. It's still it. Yeah. I think it is. I forgot about that. That's right. Yeah. The velocities command. Yeah. Everything went that. But yeah. So, uh, so yeah. I mean, why don't you talk through what what intended zones is and and like how it folds into this like training to point out infrastructure. Well, again, let's let's make sure that it needs it's product market fit. You and I had a conversation about product market for the other day, but you know immediately on anything where it doesn't matter. When we, uh, I mean, good enough balls. That's a great. We didn't talk about that. We launched good enough balls. We immediately had to put it behind it. We had to gatekeep it. We literally did. You know, it was ridiculous. Like if we could assault. What do you think? Five times as much as we did if we had the inventory. If you had a guess. Yeah. I don't know. Yeah. Right. It's ridiculous. You know, so it's like, oh shoot. Product market fit. You know, and they're like, they're great training balls. Use it for this. And then multiple junior college. I think other coaches too. I just remember a junior college coach. I think he's Jonathan Global, you know, who's just like. Yeah, we use them in the games. There's a junior college. Me who care? You know, like they're. And I was like, oh, they're good. They're good. And he's like, you know what? We were using before. And it's like, I didn't consider the base rate. Right. Like so it's like, man, you have product market fits so fast. Um, and that's, that's what the intended zone stuff. We started tweeting it out, you know, because Joel Condra came out to me. Maybe a month or a half ago, him and Brett Cook, two internal employees in their life. This is the greatest thing dry one's done in the last couple of years. And it frustrated about not getting. How do people not know about we need to create content. And so they have, you know, and the content team has done it. No one wasn't doing the job. It was more just like, this thing is so freaking awesome. You know, that we got to get the word out. So we started getting the word out. And then what happened today? We are not today, but it did happen today as well. But I just, I thought of it. Was a college coach is like, I got by that. I'm a by that right. I have that now. You know, my coach and my alma mater was just like, I'll take that immediately. You know, I please. And I was like, you know, okay, there's there's product market fit. You know, there's something here for sure. So explain explain what it is that. Yeah, I just want to start with all the walls would like to buy. Yeah, is that it's a way, you know, for again, it's part of the training two point out ethos, right. You can get on the mound and athlete. There can be a coach there. There might not be what they get on there. You know, they put in their locations. And it's a simple touch screen. Where do I want to throw the ball? What type of pitch am I throwing? Right. And then you throw to that location. And we automatically track. Not just the velocity and the location, you know, whatever, but all the parameters of it. So you're getting not only an intended miss but like the run value of that pitch. And everything right. So all of our intelligence stuff goes into that and you track it over time. And that's such a huge thing. And then not only from that information. Can you tell your intended miss. Are you getting better. And how good is your command today, which first of all, no one does that. So we've already done that. We've solved that, which is incredible. Yeah. Right. But then now it's a training apparatus. How do I get better? Okay. Well, I'm going to use underload overload command balls. And then what does my intended miss look like? And where am I missing with these types of pitches? Because we don't just do what your command like at all the pitches, you know, we do command per pitch. We can do granular, you know, pitch command. Yeah. So your slider. Oh, actually, that's the big misconception about command is like I have good command or not. Right. And it's like, no, some of these get some guys have good command of two pitches and shit command of the pitch. And what have we seen in the big leagues? Kind of implicitly people understand that a large percentage of pitchers possible to enjoy. You have better command of a breaking ball than they do other fastball. So we're seeing two O sliders. We're seeing. And it's, oh, yeah, well, you don't want to hit her. Sure, but a lot of them, if you ask them, like what pitch would you throw at three in the morning, you had to throw a strike for $10,000 in your delirious like they're going to throw a cutter. Like they're going to throw a chain. You know, they're going to throw an outchange of they're going to throw up insane. But it's mostly a slider cutter. It's rarely their fastball. You know, a lot of the times, you know, the answer you get is a sinker to some degree, but it's almost always a spin type pitch that's firm. So cutters, the number. If they have a cutter, that's what they're going to go to almost all the time. Yeah. You know, then if they don't throw that, probably slider. Yeah. And forcing a fastball tends to really be like low on the list, you know, because it's much more of a strike out pitch these days. If they throw a sinker, okay, they can go to that often. I did an informal polling of a lot of athletes. And it was really common. So, but that doesn't mean we should just have bad command of your fastball. So in theory, now we're working on the fastball to a location. Okay, we want to throw it down in a way for a strike. Well, we should work on that. And how's your fastball down and away command versus your fastball. Oh, you know, now we can actually track all that, which I think is is really awesome. So take, I mean, take take everybody through the process of like what is what is the picture experience when they when they do this and like in what way is it different than just like throwing to a nine. That's the ultimate video game. You know, my, my comments used it should replace the pitch radar thing at the stadiums. You know, so you get on the mound and there's this touchscreen in front of you or to the side of you. You sign in with a track ID. We pull all your information. Right. It's great. You see your intended miss, you know, in the past, you set a location, you set a pitch type. You throw that pitch within five seconds. You can tell the intended zone miss. But you throw the pitch to what. Oh, sorry, you're throwing it to again. Yeah, absolutely. So a lot of our big levers like to throw a catcher. So they're doing that right now. And that's that's the beautiful thing about the product is it's very versatile. You know, but the majority of people are there. So projected image on a horse trailer mat. I'm like a big durable target. And you're seeing the nine box effectively plus the glove target. So you're seeing what you put on the screen. You're seeing 60 feet six inches away. And then you hit this thing with the loud thud. It's nice. So you show up to the rubber or don't tell the rubber punch in. Alright, I want to throw sliders low and away. So to the rubber, look down and behind the dish is a projected image of a glove low and away, which is your, which is your slider target. You throw it. And then if you dot it or whether you like hook one glove side or whatever, either way, you are, you're getting a mist distance. Yeah, again, instant feedback. So you're getting like, hey, you missed this one by like 0.5 inches, which would be like pretty dotted or you would be like, you missed this by like, you know, 15 inches or whatever, which is not good at all. Yeah, exactly. You're getting that instant feedback. And that's great. You know, because it's instant feedback. It's gamification. It's a lot of fun. Yeah, but what I think the athletes have gotten a lot out of and I know they have talked to me about is after the session and later on, imagine, okay, we train all this. Let's fast forward real quick into the season. Because this goes to the training to point out the smart reports and the in season deliverable. Not only are you getting your intended miss and what you're good at and how you do these things, but you're getting now an aim target. Because now we know that you miss not just like, oh, you have an average of eight inches on your slider, low and away. But it's actually four inches to the glove side, 12 inches to the arms or, you know, other way around, whatever. So we are automatic intelligence advanced reports to say here's your target, but aim here with the pitch. So you this pitch is going to play best low and away. So because of that and because of where you spray the ball, like you should actually be aiming center down because you're going to carry that more likely than not. Yep, you're going to carry it over into the slot that you actually want to be throwing. Yeah, or, you know, the other side of it is you actually have to aim down in a way more because your slider is more likely to back up. So either way, you know, but we automatically correct for that and there's no coach that has to do any of that work. You know, it's just purely touch screen, throw the pitch, boom, boom, boom. It's the easiest thing in the world. It's awesome. And that's just for big lagers. No, I mean, it's for everybody. What I think is really cool about the academy side is now they can judge and this is why I think it's a great, you know, devices that the academy kids high school kids college, whatever they can see like a leaderboard. Here's our best big leaders. Here's their command our best big lead command guys. And then they can measure themselves against that and see how far away they are, how close they are to that. Right. And so this constantly evolving target that they can actually measure themselves because they all know a big leader. There was 95. Okay, that's great. I feel 65 right. And so they know that they got to get better. They don't feel discouraged. They get there. It's a road to that. They get that. But like what's what's good command and and where is where is our best where's Alex Cubsky, you know, where's Nick Martinez. I mean, that guy is crazy. And his command is unbelievable. You know, so like where am I at compared to Nick Martinez? Well, pretty far away. But I get, you know, within every session within every week, within every month, within every off season, I can see I'm getting better by an inch or two on all these bitches. Yeah, starting to approach some of the best people. So also, yes, it is for the big leaders. I'm not trying to say it isn't. It's great. But if the academy kids, it's like it's such an awesome tool for younger kids and high school kids to be able to get repetitive fun gamification. Yeah, it's a video game, but for real life. You know, I feel like this is the first way I think I felt about pitching that I felt about hit tracks on my first side. It's like you immediately know it's going to be successful. I think I think that's the part of the challenge is that command command gets a bad rap because one, it's truly important enough in terms of getting out that people will just the holler about it if you have bad command. Like if you have bad command, you are borderline unplayable. No matter how, you know, dripping with tools, you might be. And so because of that, you know, you would think that like everybody would pay attention to it or whatever, but they don't because it's very hard to get a sense for what is actually good command. Like and part of that is because there's just unreasonable expectations from there's there's no real information. And so that lends itself to just ludicrous unrealistic expectations being placed on kids at like the lowest levels of baseball. You know, at least once a month, there's somebody who's like, here's my expectations of like, here's what I sent all my freshman high school kids, you know, it's like 75% strikes, you know, it's like, buddy, like, come on. Yeah, go to fangirl.com. That's right. Mix mix in a search. Yeah, in the zone percentage. But like, so, you know, there's no percentage on three accounts is what you look at. So it's like, it's these unreasonable expectations that filter down, but then there, because it because it is important and there is truly no more frustrating way to lose a baseball game than to watch like just your picture walk the house. It gets it gets a ton of pressure put on these kids with no real like, hey, this is what is good or even reasonable to ask. Meanwhile, like you would never you would never like see a kid who's a freshman in high school throwing 71 miles an hour and be like, throw 95, you know, it's like, what like he can't, you know, he's he cannot. And this is why I think this is why I think the command thing is so is so great is that like to be able to put that stuff on a leaderboard like no kid is walking in here being like, I don't understand why I don't hit the ball 450 feet, you know, it's like, well, you're 11, you know, I was like, yeah, but, but there are there are legitimately coaches walking this earth right now being like, I don't see why you can't be I don't see not just you, but I don't see why everybody on my team. Can't be prime Greg Maddox. Yeah, you know, it's like that what what are we talking what are you talking about? Yeah, I mean it's a frustrating experience, you know, as someone who's coached high school ball and little league, you know, I get it, but it's part of a journey, you know, so we all got to be part of it, but they have a point though is like, you know, there's got to be a way that in those complaints and in those unreasonable statements, there is a business. So this is the thing is like, I actually don't think that those coaches are wrong. I mean, they're wrong to not mix in a search for, you know, what the in zone percentages, but they're not wrong to prioritize like this is the way that we're going to get out. Yeah, where I think the, you know, the interesting thing is is like, you can start to train something that like because they're just misinformed, then the practice environment becomes bad, right, because it's like, you got to throw strikes, you got to, and it just becomes like too much of just like, for something that they can't really control, right, like it's one thing to expect greatness when greatness is achievable, and it's another, if it's not achievable, then you just like needlessly harassing them. But, but if you can make it fun, and there's some sort of understanding of like, well, yeah, I don't hit the ball 450 feet, but I hit the ball 315 last week. And now I hit it 325, and there's a pretty reasonable path for me to be like hitting the ball further on a regular basis, then all of a sudden like, that is something that we care about, and it is fun. And it is, it's just because it's measurable and understandable. Yeah, yeah, totally. I mean, it's just such a gamification, the instant feedback. It's a hit at all the levels. Yeah. Okay, so you throw, you get your, you get your missed distance, you know, whatever, how, how do you take that information and then go apply it away from that environment? Like, how does a college pitcher go back to school and like, apply what he's learned, you had a conversation, or you, you know, you were talking to Matt Cress a little bit about like, they're sort of like, you're over the rubber and over the plate type segmenting of a bullpen's. Yeah, and if you're, you know, over the rubber being, we're just focusing on stuff. It's the typical Twitter video that gets you all that. That's right. And then, yeah, over the, yeah, over the plate is just execution scores more or less. And so, what I think this is, I want to talk about the college coach, where it empowers them is, it allows people to work on command and allows people to do this with a simple tracking application. You know, they just set up the nine pocket and they throw and they just tag it like where they throw and where they locate. You know, and then this allows the coach to coach other things, you know, and do other things. They don't have to be a ball hockey watch that. And so then the coach, and so when I talk to, you know, Brian Harrison, a bone wall is so much of, you know, college contact rules are what they are, you know, especially at the division three level. Yeah, but it's at all levels, right? And, you know, so like being able to imagine, you know, oh, did you work on your command today to this and it's a captain's practice coach can't be there. You can log all this information and you can see which athletes are actually doing that and logging their, their, their, their mistis and so on and out into a nine pocket. So while they don't have a projector and all this other stuff, really you don't care about those stuff scores. Then you're carrying about the execution. So they can log that in the, in the, in the app, which I think is awesome. Yeah. So that, and then the coach, you know, it does not necessarily how it's being used now, but I can see it. Where's the college coach. They can actually see who's getting, because you can see who's squatting more way. You can see who's throwing faster. You can see who's sitting the ball further. But you can really see who's actually working on the command who's actually getting better than who you can trust and give those people chances in the midweek games. No, currently the answer is no to that. Right. But imagine if you had the whole team on this or all your pictures or half the pictures or whatever, you could actually tell, you know, pretty, pretty reasonably and they can, the pictures do the work. And log all that information. I think that's pretty, pretty awesome. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think, I think, I think we should talk the other, the other thing that that. I think we should talk a little bit about the jump testing stuff too, because like, where, where I, where I have seen probably the biggest leap, you know, pun intended. A is like the ability to move from, hey, this is simple, just logging of the weights, which like very few people are doing at some, at some scale. Like you have to really demand that like, this is the thing in order to get like weight tracking at scale. Most guys are just like, yep, I remember what I did last week, you know, which, you know, maybe they did, maybe they don't. And so there's this evolution to like, hey, we can, we can truly get one to one, you know, the force plate testing that we run a drive on. And, you know, this jump testing that we can do away from the gym. And it's really, you know, started to unlock a lot of really positive athlete behaviors and, you know, you were pretty foundational to seeing it come to light along with, with whitey. And so I'm curious like, how, how you see that evolving. And it just, I think about it as someone who used to be a coach, you know, it's just, just takes all that work off the shoulders, you know, the players can just set up a tripod, get the video and like, you get so much rich information on who's training, who's getting better, you know, the player themselves gets all that great information. You know, the power up, but which we know as a huge impacts. And again, this goes back to what we were originally talking about, you know, which was, why should I do these jump tests, why should I care about this stuff. Well, if you kind of the gym, you know why, because our reports tell you like these things improve these things and you get a bad speed, pitch velocity, whatever. So be able to have that at home, you know, on your iPad, your iPhone, whatever, and track that information, it's very empowering because you feel like not only, oh, well, I'm squatting and I squat a five pounds more, what does that impact my bad speeds. Yeah, I mean, conceptually, yes, I know that, right. But now with these jump power tests, you know, you're excited to put this information in because a, it impacts your future programming, but be you now know, like, is this actually improving because I know this is going to improve my pitch, plus I know this is going to improve my bad speed. And I think that's why it's so I think that's why we've had such great success with it. Yeah, it what do you, what do you think are like, what do you think is the is the future of that? Like where, where, where can it go if it is this like frictionless analysis of power output. It's I think it's just this journey, you know, where we're getting to, it's just explaining it a little bit better and the visuals of it, which we're getting there, just like where you are today, where you want to be next year, where you want to be in five years, you know, and like being able to see like a hero's journey type thing. And like power is one of those skills, right, and then mechanics, you know, whatever it's your swing mechanics, your movements course, right. And then we just see this and is and here's today, here's like the line of today, and where are you on the graph on your own personal journey. And to me, like there's nothing more empowering and holding yourself responsible than something like that, right. And that's that's hard because it's not hard. We're going to do it, you know, arguably is already done. We just need to continue to build that product. But if you don't have all that information and collected data for the last 15 years, like we did, how do you build that? And how do you know what good command looks like? How do you know what the average distance is of actual pictures, not which is gets tweeted out. You know, and we have all that information. So then when the person sees I'm committed, I want to be drafted in the top 10 rounds. I'm currently a high school junior, right. We can credibly say for the next six years, this is what it looks like. And this is where you got to be. And like focus there. Here's the next 30 days. Here's the next 30 60 about this. So you can keep the vision down. But they can believe in this next five year plan, which is only going to involve involving get better. And so to me, like that's the real thing is if we can offer that that's something, you know, that doesn't really exist in a lot of where else can you go. You know, people want surety like I do this and I get better. Okay, that's that's not the case in anything. But we can get how can we get as close to that as possible. And I think that this product is going to be the only thing on the market that does that you can actually see your journey over the next, you know, 30 days, 365 days and five years on where you need to get to. And I think that's I think that's what everyone really wants. I mean, I know that that's what they all ask for. And you know, do you actually show them and grade them based on their own journey and like are they being honest with themselves. I mean, that's going to be that's going to be massively popular. There's no doubt about it. One thing the one thing that I'll say is that like just being able to have somebody throw or swing a bat and then pair it with their jump testing data to be able to generate like, hey, this is your, this is your bat speed and this is your expected bat speed or this is your pitch speed and this is your expected pitch speed is so. The reason I think it's a useful diagnostic is that it basically immediately gives you insight into do we have a physical issue or do we have a skill issue like if we have, if your expected velocity is over your active, your actual velocity. And like you're, you're powerful enough to get a little bit more out of your body. You just have some sort of a skill issue. So what is that, you know, like, okay, let's go figure it out. But I think, you know, so much of so much of helping athletes solve these problems throughout their careers is like, they're just isn't that much time. I mean, baseball is this like series of levels. And at each point, you're fighting for like one, can I get and stay on the field at the level that I'm currently at while also raising my ceiling enough to have some shot at being at the next one. And the, and the challenge there is that like, some of those things are at odds with one another. Like you get to stay on the field because you're an elite executor and competitor. But then if you spend all of your time towards execution and competition, unless you're incredibly naturally gifted, like, you're going to hit some ceiling at some point. So you have to do certain activities to try to raise the ceiling a bit. But then where does the time come from, you know, like, because you have a schedule, you have school, you have all these competing demands. And so what you need is effectiveness. Like you need efficiency and effectiveness to just be like, this is the stuff that's going to work. This is your diagnosis. This is what you, this is specifically what you need to work on. And it's the, you know, the. The minimum effective dose. Yeah. And you have the macro time is also part of it. You have five years to whatever. It's not a lot of time to achieve the goal. So you can't really have wasted reps. You can't really be guessing. And I think that's this bulb and eliminates that, which I think is really powerful. Yeah. Because, you know, it's interesting because there was a long term big leager who was. And expressing some doubts about, you know, our effectiveness or how novel any of the stuff that we're that we're doing is. And, you know, this was in the context of batspeed and like, is it even useful and blah, blah, blah. And, you know, I, there's, it's been widely reported that, that movie bets was in here with, with the Dodgers and some of the advice that we gave him at the time was like, you need to gain some weight and you need to gain some strength and athleticism and, you know, there's some, you know, potentially some. Some specific strength work that we can do, but that's really the focus for the offseason. And the retort is like, oh, well, like, just lift weights and like get stronger. Like, that's not science. You know, and it's like. First of all, I get that. But second of all, like, it's, it's not, it's not that that is the recommendation. That's not the secret. The secret is that you don't have to do all the other stuff. The secret is in knowing, like, you have 18 weeks to prepare for this next season. And your lowest hanging fruit is upper body power and like swinging some weighted bats. And that's it. Like so that if you focus on that and that primarily, that's going to be your greatest lift. And then you can ignore all of this other stuff. Like all of the secret is not in like, oh, you know, you told me to just do Rollins. Like I could do Rollins anywhere. It's like, no, no, it's the fact that you can ignore this other stuff. Like that is the secret of why any of these diagnostic things are are effective or whatever. It's like, oh, you know, they just, they just told me to do X and Y and Z. And it's like, well, yeah. But like what you're doing right now is doom scrolling Instagram and randomly spas trying like a million different drills. Like we're giving you the confidence to stop doing that and just do this shit that's going to work. And it's like, it's no different than like, you know, dieting or anything else where it's like, no, no, we've just all we've done is like done the elimination diet to be like, yeah, it's mangoes. Just stop eating mangoes. That's the problem. You know, it's like, yeah, okay, like the teamwork is like, oh, all they did was tell me to stop eating mangoes. And it's like, yeah, but like, you know, that's the big unlock. Yeah, is like, we just saved you a ton of time on like having to go through and eliminate every single food and existence. It's like, yeah, just do this. Yeah, you can have high confidence in, you know, in our recommendations because everything we talked about, we intelligence and everything that we're building. Yeah, so let's talk, let's talk a little bit about the about the hitting stuff. What do we got? So how does, how does the smart report world shift when you're talking about hitting because we're talking about like, we've got, you know, throwing execution scores and it's driven by, by Paul, and all this stuff, but like, you know, what, what changes when we, when we move to the sweeter science. Yeah, there you go. I mean, not much, right? It's pretty fluid on like number of swings, types of things that we got to do. And that's the other thing, right? Like, oh, well, they all they told me to do is offset open thriller, whatever. Well, yeah, but then we get to eliminate all the other stuff, right? So it's basically the exact same thing. So you can have really strong confidence that, you know, the recommendations you're getting are actually tailored to your swing path, what you need to get better at. And it's tied, you know, not that it isn't on pitching, but it's really tied in hitting to the high performance side. You know, that we're making sure that that's all dialed. So that's, that's what I think is really powerful. Yeah. We've, we've got, we've started to incorporate a lot of the like air swings with, with Batteball. And, and I'm curious like, what, what do you think? What do you think that has the capability to unlock for us? Yeah, it's sort of like contact tracking and being able to measure our, our Batteball says right, the big three being right, Batte Speed, Batteball slash, you know, smash factor. Like those things are all, you know, pretty, pretty important in swing decisions, right? So being able to measure those things in a very simple and, you know, mostly automated way gives you confidence that you're not taking 100 swings in the cage, thinking that maybe it will improve, right? You know, you know what you have to work on, you know how to track, you know, how simple it is to track in a lot of ways. And yeah, that's it. And the liberation of the big three being like, this is what we focus on these are the things that matter. These are the weights, right? Now for you, your Batte Speed is really good. You got to do these things and so forth, right? So being able to measure those things and have targeted training. I think it's the same as pitching. You just wake up and you know what you got to work on. Yeah, I mean, so, so much of it is like, you're just, you're just trying to, I think on the, on the hitting side of things when I talk to, when I talk to Stokey and, and our hitting trainers about the stuff. It's like you're just trying so hard to not work yourself into these like bad patterns because you, you can, there's, there's some amount of slumps that are just like you're chasing some feel you're trying to, you're trying to work into something else and then all of a sudden, something flips and you're just into this place where you're like missing more and that starts to put you into a bit of a spiral. And then it's just a guessing game after a guessing game after a guessing game of like, how do I get myself back right? You know, whatever, because you're like trying to chase this one little improvement. But then you take like three steps backwards and you're like, oh shit, what did I do? And I think that that's the beauty of this like daily sort of like report functionality, which is like, hey, yeah, when you started chasing those things, like, you got way too steep, like you didn't know that that was occurring, but it was, and it's off plan for you, like you can't be this steep and, and still be effective. And like that's, that's not going to work for you. So like, all right, we got to work back towards these other things. And, and so that's where that's where I think a lot of it comes into play, which is like, all right, yeah, like, you know, you've got to keep your speeds high. And then you've got to stay within these certain ranges of like good adjustable bat paths that are going to keep you like locked in. And if you're, if you're, if you move from environment to environment and all of a sudden, you know, you've got a weaker to on the tee. And so you start to get a little longer and whatever. And then you get into a different environment and you, you got a ton of swing and miss because you're trying to carry the T swing over into the cage work. It's like, shit, all right. Well, previously the answer was like, I guess I got to go figure it out, you know, like, so back to the tee or like, whatever, whereas like this is more just like, hey, real quick, like, these are your swings when you were really good. And then you're in this range like we got to fix that. So let's try these three drills and try to get you back. Focus step. It also really helps combat slumps, you know, so if your process data is dialed, you know, bats, these are good, the angle is good, you know, a bath ball, see it like, and they're all within the optimal ranges. And you're just like, okay, I don't have to do any I'm over 10, but I don't have to freak out, right, like these metrics seem good now watch them film, what am I not maybe understanding about the game at a higher level. Yep, right, but I can feel good about my swing and I can feel good about that my approach, awesome, it eliminates like 80% of the worries, right. So I can go back to my practice routine, I can get I feel good about all that. And then you can make some subjective. And then this again goes to the fact that not a coach can coach, they don't have to read you your bad speed. Yeah, yeah, the coach can talk about, okay, well, why like what types of pitch sequences and the finer art of the game rather than the science, the sciences I'll take care of it. So great when you're going good, you like to boast, you look at those things, but even more important when you're slumping either on the pitching of the hitting side. Like, I'm executing these things are my process course good. Okay, that's a huge way of my shoulders. I feel good about this now, maybe I don't do anything. Maybe I just keep going at the process or maybe is it something subjective that I can spend my time in the art of these while I have the science of it. Yeah, so I think, you know, that's a really big really big way to people shoulders. Yeah, I mean that that is that is a really good point, which is like so so much of that component of it is just like, it is my process style. Like and and the moment you struggle on the hitting side of things, you just think it's a swing issue. Right. Oh, everything will be fixed if my swing is great. It's like, yeah, maybe, maybe, you know, what is your swing is your bad now? Do you know? That's right. You know that your swing is bad. Do you know for sure that your swing is bad? Yeah, now you do. Yeah, so I think that's it's awesome when you're going bad in your search for answers, you know, what it's almost like this stuff you're talking about about mangoes, you know, like you can eliminate all of these things. These are not the problem. You know, now we can focus on perhaps nothing because there's a lot of random variance in battered ball data. Yeah, for sure. It's worse on the hitting side. Maybe we don't focus on anything, but it eliminates all this stuff that we don't have to focus on, which is great. Yeah. And that allows the hitter to either a coach. Or either a coach played 10 more games, then look at the data, you know, then decide, or, okay, maybe I'm going to get off the trajectory. I'm going to face more sliders. I'm going to face the hey coach, can I stand in on lefties, on sliders? You know, like I need to see this a little bit more. Right. And that's that's pretty powerful. Yeah, or maybe you just swing. Maybe you are just like getting off swings on pitches. You shouldn't be swinging it. Right. So I think that's why it's pretty awesome to eliminate all that stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think is what do you think is is next for us here? Like what are the things that you're most excited about as we start to roll this out, but like, you know, two, three years from now, what do you think is we're going to be looking back on being like, this is so cool. Well, I think I think a big part of what's going to be interesting is the expanding of the track app motion capture is still going to be, you know, our motion capture capabilities are just going to keep going up some sort of distilled model where we can get all the advanced biomedical data that we get now. And you're swinging through and then being able to get single camera, you know, biomedical data with pose that's like tune to our models and being able to get some more execution scores on that. You know, are these, you know, things that we've identified the hips, whatever it is, you know, this and being able to measure those things real time right now, like or not real time, but like within, you know, an hour. A big part of, you know, what we can offer big leaders and pro guys is that they can get their in game, biomedical data, you know, from the teams and from the services that they have and then we can take a look at it. We have done that. That's that's that's great. But, you know, your average college kid or kind of a kid doesn't they don't plan a field with kinetracks or whatever, you know, some do some do for sure. And for them, we can help. There's no doubt, but we got to get to a point where we distill our models down to something in your pocket that works that way. And, and we will do that. I mean, we've already made huge strides in those areas and we'll continue to do that because that's really the next logical extension of training to point out. Yeah, I mean, I think I think that that distills it quite neatly down, which is like for for such a long period of time, like the thing that driveline was known for and and what I think was I was groundbreaking, you know, as we first started gating traction inside of the industry is like our lab is really good. And we're the first people to sort of aim sports science related concepts to training these guys in a very specific way, specifically inside of baseball. And, you know, that has worked and produced, you know, a series of training protocols that I think are are much better than what baseball players had access to 10, 15 years ago. Like right now, your average influencer on Instagram is writing a program. That is, you know, I don't know, four or five times better than what was available 15, 20 years ago. And like, you know, we've played a big part in popularizing a lot of these these training concepts on the pitching and hitting side of things. And I think what what I'm excited about is like pretty soon, like the lab is just going to live in your pocket, like it's just it's just always going to be around and available. And our coaches are going to be completely empowered to a collect and synthesize a bunch more information about you so that they can be more helpful. But then secondarily, like the types of data that we can capture and the ways that we can be valuable to to players, like no matter where they are is is going to be leaps and bounds ahead of anything else and, and you know, is going to mirror what's available, you know, when you come out and have a great training experience here. Yeah, and I think I think the you know, if you're listening to the podcast or whatever you're like, all right, which I what should I do like you just come here, like come here, throw on intended zones, hit in the launch pad, you know, come get an assessment. And and then, you know, we can show you what the what the smart ports look like and how to start that journey and we can go from there. I mean, if you're younger, you know, Devon Morgan, those guys are running and you know, see the strike down in Arizona and soon Florida, you know, we have these free, free periods of time to see it all, you know, there's no obligation. So I think that there's it's great and these kids once the kids get on it, you know, if you're a parent watching this and you're like, well, you know, I don't know all the stuff seems pretty high level. And we offer for free, you bring your kids in, see what they think, you know, and you know, proof is in the putting these kids love this kind of stuff. Yeah, they do. So they do. Yeah, just always always opportunity for that. All right. Well, thanks for the time, Kyle. My pleasure. As always, as always, this has been the driveline baseball podcast. That's right. That's right.